SVR Global is the best Bellow seal globe valve manufacturer in USA offering high quality valves to oil and gas industries, power generation industries and chemical industries at Los Angeles, Houston and Dallas. Under Seal Globe Valve The globe valve or globe valve for short is that type of valve wherein the valve seat is placed below the valve disk. The valve disk is moved up and down by the valve stem to control the flow of fluid through the valve.
The valve is specifically designed to balance and regulate pressure according to its desired value. Unlike other valves, this valve is equipped with a bellow, ensuring a fully closed valve and no leakage. It does not require a flow rate and effectively prevents fluid loss while maintaining a tight seal. The bellow is strategically positioned to protect the stem from fluid flow damage, with the other end placed between the body and the cover to create a double seal, ensuring safety and a tight seal. This valve's compact structure and design provide efficient pressure control, making it easy to use and reliable throughout its lifespan.

PARTS
Body
Bonnet
Disc
Stem
Seat
Bellow
Gland
Packing
Handwheel or actuator
Flanges

INDUSTRY
Electric power industry.
Textile industry.
Petroleum industries
Oil & Gas Industry
Mining Industry
Natural Gas
LPG & LNG.
Paper & Pulp.
Chemical Industry.
Petro – Chemical Industry

As a known Bellow seal globe valve manufacturer in USA, SVR Global provides 
Chemical industry valves too, which are in huge demand in the chemical industry because of good resistance to corrosive chemicals, high pressure, and temperature, as well as tight shut-off.
Oil and Gas: Bellow seal globe valves used in the oil and gas industries to control fluids and steam and gases. Operating in high pressure and even temperature.
Power Plant: The power plants contain bellow seal globe valves that allow control of the steam and water flow, at high temperatures, along with pressures in their operating cycle.

ADVANTAGES

Leakage Prevention: with bellow seal, the stem along with bonnet are sealed in so there is the chance for leakage of fluids.
Low maintenance: since the bellow seals in dirt and debris preventing their entry between the valve stem and the process fluid; thereby making maintenance low
Long duration: they tend to serve for long periods relative to other types of valves.
Installation: they can be fitted with comparative ease, under most circumstances, require only a minimal number of steps for the valve to couple onto the pipeline.
Chemical processing: Chemical processing industry is the main usage of bellow seal globe valves in regulating the flow of corrosive or toxic fluids.
Oil and gas industry: Bellow seal globe valves are applied in the oil and gas industry for regulating the flow of natural gas, crude oil, and other fluids.
Power generation: Bellow seal globe valves are used in power plants to regulate the flow of steam and other fluids.
Water treatment: Bellow seal globe valves are used in water treatment plants to control the flow of water and other fluids

Description:
Available materials: WCB, WC6, SS304, SS316, F11, F51, F91, LCC, LCB, WC
Ends: Flanged, Buttweld, Socketweld, Threaded
Class: 150 to 2500
Nominal Pressure: PN25 to PN450
Size: ½” to 24”
Operations-: Hand-wheel operated, Pneumatic actuated, Electric actuated,Gear operated
Visit our website for more information- https://www.svrglobal.net/product-category/bellow-seal-globe-valve/

